Change title for plugins documentation (#6733)
dask/distributed: docs/source/plugins.rst

Plugins
~~~~~~~

> Plugins enable you to run custom Python code for certain events. You can use plugins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dask's plugin system enables you to run custom Python code for certain events. You can use plugins
```

> that are specific to the scheduler, the workers, or the nanny. A worker plugin, for example,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that are specific to schedulers, workers, or nannies. A worker plugin, for example,
```

> allows you to run custom Python code on all your workers at any event in the worker's lifecycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
allows you to run custom Python code on all your workers at certain event in the worker's lifecycle (e.g. when the worker process is started).
```
